Everybody for years,
I had a whole series on my Instagram page of people doing the okay sign.
Of course, including me back when I wa had earrings in the news radio days.
And the other thing is we are at a point now where it's more easy to give the
finger to someone than to say, okay. Yeah. Cause you.
You blur the finger out. Nobody cares. Yeah. But if you, you do that, like, oh,
what is he doing? What is his, listen, me, he's touching his fingers.
You can't even do like, you're holding a joint.
Cause that's like a white power joint. Like if you're like doing that,
like a Roach, that's bad. That's bad. How do you,
you have to use a Roach. clip<laugh> now it's a ploy by the Roach clip industry.
She was drunk. And I was just trying to avoid her.
I was just trying to avoid her. I was she trying to avoid her.
And she goes to me, you think you're all fear? Factorta <laugh>
she got in my face with this thing and the fingers moving.
You think you're all fear. Factora listen, bro. I feel what you're saying.
And I was only around.
I was feeling of dead space where we're trying to recalibrate our reality due
to your circumstances and your story being paradigm.
Chiing Joe, you're up. I'm not that up. <laugh> listen.
I wanna tell you, Matt man, I'm giving you a shout out. I love you. Pressure.
We love you own. We love you too. Oh no.
Gay stuff is a late night podcast and there's a lot of dudes that are listening
to this in the shower. <laugh> to bat Ruskin. I didn't do this to be mean.
I just did this because that's my nature. I am the scorpion.
You are the frog. This is how goes down.
Have you ever watcheded a rodeo and felt sorry for the bulls and what?
That nothing. So originally Toine was extracted that way.
Okay. But it is an, an ingredient in bulls. Semen. Okay.
So the Toine and red bull probably doesn't come from bullcemen but Toine is in
bullcemen. Okay.
So Hitler was getting his Toine right from the tap from the source.
He suck the bulls stick. Dter the best way is to suck upon it.
Suck the dirt.
You get it from the tap under it is fresh and it's 700% more
potent. The fewers just gets down there. They,
they hold the bull back with straps and buckles. It's kicking
and it Hitler gets this sloppy Nazi mouth right over that oh,
bull hog.
And that is apparently the origin of that upper lip mustache <laugh> that upper
lip must was to catch all the succulent drops when he's choking on Jay's
the flavor save.
And that giant bold Dick is puumbling the back of his throat and fills it up.
That when he comes out of his nose,
the cuz a lot of the JS comes out of his nose.
That's just enough mustache to catch, to catch the JS.
So that's why he had that mustache. A lot of people don't know.
Imagine if women had and men had and we were just really into big to
that's just as possible. That's entirely possible.
Isn't it entirely possible that all these futurists,
all these technological innovators, they all see the same end game,
but isn't it entirely possible? I mean like, I mean
it's entirely possible.
I think it's entirely possible that Clintons are murderers.
I think it's entirely possible. And people like John Anthony, west and yourself,
and some other folks like Graham Hancock are proposing that it's entirely
possible that there were many different eras of construction in Egypt.
<laugh> and it's entirely possible.
And that I think it's entirely possible that Lee Harvey OS walled,
well, you can't be good at everything. Yeah.
That's a fact it's not possible if you had a magic wand and uh,
someone said you could do whatever you want to fix this. What would you do?
You know, like if you were the king of the world, I said, ed,
what are we gonna do? Let's say you become president.
You gonna become president. What do you think? I think we gonna shadow it.
Got shot. All right. President Bernie, what do you do? So fascinating. Yeah.
I've always the thought that was fascinating. It really is fascinating.
That's fascinating. There's actually a documentary, a fascinating documentary.
This stuff is so unbelievably fascinating.
It's like I look at things that are fascinating to me.
Absolutely fascinating Roosevelt. Fascinating. I'm fascinated by wolves.
I'm so fascinated by animals. So fascinated. That is a fascinating book.
Alaska fascinating place. The mind is a fascinating solution.
That's fascinating. It's a really fascinating man.
Prison doesn't begin and end at the gate. Prison is in mind,
it's locked in one world.
That's dead and dying or it's open to a world that's.
Free and a alive, hold on. This guy sounds like me. <laugh> you see? Yeah,
that should sound crazy. Dude. Should have a podcast. Well,
do you know the story of Fritz Haber, right? The guy who will yes. You know,
that's one of the, um, really cool things. This Dan Carlin, uh, thing on, um,
uh, on the history of the monol, uh, to the risk of, uh,
repeating myself over and over again, which I do all the time. But um,
when you eat marijuana,
it's processed by your liver and it produces something called 11 hydroxy.
Metabolite smell is a weird thing, man.
It's really weird that we all accept that there's some invisible that we can
take in with a hole in our face. <laugh>.
And what I say is the far theory and the far theory is if someone farted and you
couldn't smell it, you'd have no idea that there's something around you.
It's totally completely invisible, but someone farts, you smell it.
But if you didn't have a nose, you'd be just sitting in someone's stench.
How do we not know that there aren't an infinite amount of things that we just
can't detect? I have a, a theory on that. It's called the fart principle.
I have no understanding of how that principle could relate to this,
but I'm all ears. Well, this is why this is a bad example.
This is a bad example, but it's not a bad one.
If you fart and you didn't have a nose,
no one would know if we didn't have a sense of smell.
If we didn't have a sense of smell, we could still get along in this light. No,
I agree. If there was a way to visually see if food was,
it's not an individual hallucination, they're all seeing. But what I,
what I'm saying is it's entirely possible that there's multiple dimensions
or multiple things that we can't perceive that we haven't.
We don't have the senses for no, I, I, this pull this, pull this thing,
like right up like a fist from your face. There we go. I always do battle ropes.
Just take a look at how pull this microphone up.
Two face can tell me about a fist from your face. All right. Well,
let's basically what? Keep this like a fist from your face. Pull this, uh,
microphone like a fist from your face. There we go. Grab this, uh, micing.
Keep it like a fist from your face. That's a good reference point.
Is this good? Perfect one. Boom. And we're live,
settle on up to that microphone. Young lady,
especially the comics where they go when they get that sitcom.
Grab that microphone. Oh, sorry buddy. Univers basic income.
This is what this is all about. Yes. Yeah.
That's what my campaign for president is all about this it's uh, Springfield,
Missouri pull talking to the microphone. It's in Springfield, Missouri. Yes.
I read the God delusion in, in preparation for this.
Can you pull that microphone right up to your face?
Just get it about a fist away from your face. You don't have to move. Okay.
The microphone move for you. Okay. Um, yeah. It's by the way,
if I've been too far off Mike this whole time. No, you're fine, man. Okay.
We're good. Psychedelics. Give me hope. For real. Yeah, not joking.
It sounds ridiculous because people associate psychedelics with, uh,
with non-reistic things with hallucinations. They, they, they, they,
they don't look at it the way I look at.
It. I'm weighing with, okay. Do try it or do I not? Or.
Um, you know, if you wanted to do something, what I would recommend is, um,
go to Peru and doing like an iowayaoka retreat. Do one of those after you.
Recommended it for me to do iowayaoska I'm sitting at the table one time, Joe,
and I'm people are like, well, why are you down here? You know? I'm like, oh,
well, a good friend of mine had suggested to go. And,
and I had mentioned your name and they're like, but Joe just never done.
Naasska <laugh> and this is before my first drink. And I'm thinking,
what the hell? I just took advice. <laugh> I'm all the way in the Amazon.
I'm like, Amber, you should go to Mars. Yeah. <laugh> like what?
N and dimeethal Tripp to me, which is the active ingredient.
Iyaoska if you've done that, Alex, have you ever done DMT? No. <affirmative>.
Do you want to, you've done regular DMT too, right? Yes.
Does the experience mirror taking synthetic five MEO, DMT?
Did you ever had psychedelic experiences? I had a crazy dream last night.
That was, uh, I had DMT trip in my dream.
So if you just fed DMT, uh,
synthesized to sheep, it wouldn't be toxic.
What I'm gonna tell you about is your brain produces a chemical while you're
sleeping, but I'm gonna,
I'm gonna tell you something and I'm gonna be honest about it. You actually,
the one that, uh, that turned me onto it, the, uh, the DMT,
the story of Moses and the burning Bush to the aacisha Bush and the
Keisha tree, which is rich in DMT. You know, once I did, I wanted.
To, to do it again and again and again,
and they thought you shouldn't do too much, like, like, wait, I gotta.
You know,
I don't think you should listen to the people say you shouldn't do it too much.
I think you should do it as much as you want. That's what I agree with too.
Yeah, I agree. You could handle it. So my whole life,
since I was about my first memories.
Were every night was a DMT trip.
So I basically, uh,
I don't want this to sound arrogant. It's not, I've seen everything. Listen,
we all know about Jerry Epstein. Okay. And that I don't.
Know about Jerry Stein. That was the, the.
Lolita express. Just Google that. And what is that?
Bill Clinton was like on 20 flights first. It was seven. Oh, that's.
Right. Okay. Now, now this pedophile.
Has a temple in it. And then he was also flying to this,
this middle Eastern country with this chic that's admitted pedophile with,
with multimillion dollar checks and bill Clinton on the plane and bill,
Clinton's a known sexual predator. Okay. So all this stuff's going on.
And so they start bringing it lawsuits against Donald Trump with Jane do
claiming he'd been with Epstein, even though there's no proof in the law.
Cause they make you log even on private jets. None of it was ever true. So this.
Is this place, Bohemian Grove. And the idea was that, uh,
there all the elites would go there and they would engage in these ult rituals
is in America.
Yeah. There is. There does seem to be amongst the American ruling in the elites.
That does seem to be a proclivity for ritual.
So Alex films,
these people worshiping MOIC the oelgon yeah. There's a,
there's a photo of it. There, there it is. This is real. Yeah. I mean,
they really do have a giant owl and they really do burn some sort of a sacrifice
in front of this owl is real, right? Like this isn't like,
you hear things like that, like, well that's nonsense. Right?
It's because, you know, we went in separately to, to um,
cuz Alex got it into his head that maybe I was part of the behemian Grove.
Oh, you like deep, deep inside. Yeah. Like thewicker man.
That I was like luring him. And he would be the one of the belly of the hour.
Oh no. Um, so he went in, separat it to me. He went and found the undergrowth.
But when you see that video, you have to go, okay, what is.
This?
It's been in the newspaper that the cell towers are being used for my control.
That sounds like a schizophrenic.
The significance of the research he explained is that although the cell phone
power is low electromagnetic radiation can nevertheless have an effect on
mental behavior when transmitting at the proper frequency. What is this article?
Jamie signfic American.
Okay. Okay.
Remember how I told you we had ABC article in 96 about human animal hybrids with
pigs and cows. Yes. So you gotta make you part cows.
So the cow keeps you doesn't reject it or.
Part pig,
MIT MI T technology review estimates that about 20 per pregnancies of pig,
human or sheep,
human chimeeras have been established during the last 12 months in the us total.
I watch in 2016, I, I, a hundred percent believe it. China has made, um,
pig monkey hybrids. Alexs Jones says they're doing pig humans. Yeah,
I bet he is. Right. I bet I'm guarantee. He's right.
I've talked to hundreds of people now, not on air,
but I'm gonna make a film on this. Who've taken iowaoska and DMT.
I've not taken it and be for obvious reasons. And,
uh, and it's unbelievable because I mean they,
a hundred percent in San Francisco is the main project site literally have an
alien, uh, base.
And they are literally communicating and they've got like astronaut level people
taking super hardcore levels of drugs and going into meetings with these things
and making interglactic deals. And.
Rick and Andrew have together developed, uh, a technology, uh,
for releasing DMT into human volunteers in a very slow drip that
will keep them in the DMT state if they wish for hours on end
<laugh> and, and the intention,
the intention is to use this technology to explore and map
the DMT realm. There.
Was the it's like 4,000 of 'em. Yeah.
There was a lot of Nazi scientists brought over there on YouTube. It says, uh.
Operation paper clip was, uh, anywhere from like 1200 to 1500.
S search engine. The total number of admitted congressional hearings
in the 1970s.
He operation paper clip Frank Church committee in the seventies released it.
I believe the number 34,200 and something. Hmm. Look it up. That's.
Why we grabbed those Nazis. We were like, if we don't get them,
the Russians will I get it?
And the Germans, actually, some of their sincientists went to the Russians.
Technology operations, all of that was to beat back the Russians.
Remember when the Russians tried to build their space shuttle and was half the
size mm-hmm <affirmative>. That was actually the German plan.
The defector or those who come over from the other side, who we learn from.
And they just disappear into, I mean,
they disappear as sort of the CIA's version of witness protection. There's.
A lot. Cause like I told you, they gave people severals you pulled it up. But I.
It is fascinating. They brought those people over here and that's where the,
the space program came from.
It came from, well, that's why I wore the shirt, not as a sick joke.
They already had the CIA that was OSS. Okay.
The CIA is OSS. That's.
All on record. Okay. I I'm glad you questioned me, but I don't know what pre.
Profess or CIA, what is OSS again?
Uh, office of special plans, our.
Office that was before the CIA and then the CIA.
Came up office of.
Strategic plan, sort of like, um.
Now all of strategic services. What.
Is this right here? Are you bringing it up? Jamie?
I guess Jamie pull up some video of Al joelsen in blackface. Right? But since,
since you brought up the magical pull up, her maroite find out if that's true.
I need to know. I much prefer yours is too. What the is this? Jamie,
the Korean grandmothers of cell sex. How do you pull these up so quick?
And what, what do you have on yeah.
How strange is it that we put like a monetary value on
actual life itself? Mm, wow. It's a,
just such a strange, strange concept. Yeah.
Did you see that guy accidentally hit that moose with his car? No. Holy. Jamie,
pull that video up, pull it up.
Jamie, pull up, pull up. Well, Jamie pull up that video, pull it up.
Jamie <laugh>. So he has to do it. Look that.
Up. Jamie, pull it up. Sweet.
Sweet. So he has to do it. He has to do it. He has to do it.
He has to do it. He has to do it, pull it up, pull it up, pull it up.
Jamie, pull that video up.
I.